Adding custom error collection info to the ET FE standalone docs (#24241)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/real_user_monitoring/error_tracking/browser.md

Source maps are limited to **500** MB each.
{{< /site-region >}}

## Collect errors manually

> For more information about collecting browser errors, check our documentation [here][2]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can monitor handled exceptions, handled promise rejections, and other errors that the Browser SDK does not automatically track. Learn more about [Collecting Browser Errors][2].
```

> Monitor handled exceptions, handled promise rejections, and other errors not tracked automatically by the Browser SDK with the `addError()` API:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To manually collect errors, use the `addError()` API:
```
